Hermits Whist is a solo trick-taking game in which you try to win tricks against a dummy player. The trump is randomly determined by flipping over the top 8 card, but with every trick you have the option of randomly determining a new trump. Each pass through the deck is two hands; you play a second hand (called the aft hand) without reshuffling the cards.
Setup:
Set all six of the wild cards side-by-side in a row. These cards will be used for scoring.
Separate the 8 cards from the deck. Shuffle them together in their own pile and flip up the top card. This determines the initial trump suit.
Shuffle the rest of the deck together. Deal ten cards to you and ten facedown to the dummy player.
 
Gameplay:
●	Flip over the top card of the dummy's hand; then, you may play any card from your hand.
●	Before playing your card, you have the option to flip over the next card in the 8's stack. That suit is now the trump, instead of the suit of the previous 8. The new trump determines whether you win this trick and remains in effect until you turn over another 8 card. 
●	If you turn over all the 8 cards so that there are no cards left in the 8's stack, then there is no trump for the remainder of the game. With no trump, the highest card that shares a suit with the dummy’s card wins. You can flip through the 8's stack as many times as you like before playing your card, until you get to the end of the 8's stack. The 8's stack is never reset for the rest of the game.
●	You win the trick if one of the following scenarios applies: you played a trump and the dummy did not; you played a higher trump than the dummy, or no trump was played, but you followed suit with a higher card than the dummy. Otherwise, you lose the trick.
●	Regardless of who wins the trick, continue until you have resolved the tricks and depleted both hands.
●	If you won exactly as many tricks as the pip number on one of the face-up wild cards, flip over that wild card. If you cannot not flip over a wild card, you have lost.
●	If you have not lost. Set aside the tricks from this hand and, without reshuffling, deal the aft hand.
The aft hand:
●	Leave the 8's stack as it is. Use the remainder of the deck and deal again: Ten cards to yourself and ten to the dummy. (There will be four cards leftover. Set them aside without looking at them.)
●	The game play for the aft hand is the same as for the forehand.
●	After completing the aft hand, reshuffle the main deck but leave the 8's stack as it is. Continue with another forehand.
Game Ends:
Succeeding requires flipping over all six wild cards. If you can do that, you win the game. If you fail to flip over any wild card during a hand, you lose.
Credits:
Designed by Adam Telford
The game is inspired by P.D. Magnus.

